Blog post announcing PR general availability (#88)
readthedocs/blog: pull-request-builder-general-availability.rst

.. post:: Jan 8, 2021
   :tags: pr-builder, continuous-documentation, feature
   :author: Eric
   :location: BND

Pull Request Builders available for all users
=============================================

We're excited to announce that `Pull Request building <https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/autobuild-docs-for-pull-requests.html>`_ is now available for all Read the Docs users.
We have been working on this feature for over a year,
and having it available for all our users is a major milestone.

This feature allows users to confirm documentation builds correctly for all of their commits,
not just ones merged into branches that are activated on Read the Docs.
This moves documentation into your continuous integration pipeline,
and improves the workflow for everyone working on documentation.

.. figure:: img/github-build-status-reporting.gif
    :alt: GitHub Build Status Reporting for Pull Requests.
    :width: 70%

    GitHub Build Status Reporting for Pull Requests

> You can read more about this new feature in our :doc:`previous blog post announcing it </building-docs-for-pull-requests>` and in our `documentation for the feature <https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/guides/autobuild-docs-for-pull-requests.html>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about this new feature in our :doc:`previous blog post announcing it </building-docs-for-pull-requests>` and in our `documentation for the feature <https://docs.readthedocs.io/page/guides/autobuild-docs-for-pull-requests.html>`_.
```

Reviewer: I have updated the docs for pull requests here https://github.com/readthedocs/readthedocs.org/pull/7823

> Serving docs for every commit

Reviewer: This isn't totally accurate, we only keep the docs from the latest commit of the branch, I think there was a feature request related to this, serving docs from each commit on a separate namespace.
